Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Leo)
This is my newest invention to
reunite the dimensions!
The Arc Five Reactor!
(all)
Arc Five Reactor?
Reuniting all four dimensions
requires an immeasurable
amount of energy,
energy that this reactor can
extract from the life energies
of the people I've sealed
inside those cards!
And with the great convergence,
the Standard, Synchro,
Fusion and Xyz Dimensions
will cease to exist
as they form
back into their
original dimension!
This is...
Revival Zero!
Declan, you must join my side.
And together,
we must defeat Yuya!
Defeat Yuya?
Similar to how Ray was split
into four individuals,
so was Z‐ARC!
And the piece of Z‐ARC from
the Standard Dimension is Yuya!
To make certain that Z‐ARC
can never resurrect again,
we must eliminate him!
No way,
Yuya's anything but evil.
Unlike you, father!
Your approach to dueling
hurts people.
You wanted to turn everyone
into cards.
You talk about uniting
the dimensions?
How can you unite people
when you break family
and friends apart?
So no, I'm not
joining you, Father!
I'm going to stop you!
You have given me
no other choice.
I will put an end to Yuya,
with or without your help.
(all)
Let's duel!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
It seems the impending danger
is fast approaching,
thus I must accelerate
my timeline
to unite you all into one.
(both gasping)
Say what?
I see that you're all confused,
but it's really quite simple.
The Arc Five reactor condenses
all the life energies
my students have collected
throughout the Synchro,
Xyz and Fusion dimensions.
And when the Arc Five Reactor
has enough energy,
its power will then be able
to create a new single dimension
by fusing the existing
four dimensions back into one.
You're fusing them all?
Into one?
That's correct.
And when the dimensions
reunite as one,
so will these four girls,
and I will have
my daughter Ray back.
Well, you know what?
You may like
this plan of yours,
but it's not a plan
I can get on board with.
Because no plan can be good
if you need to trap Zuzu
in some giant test tube.
So that means...
We have a problem!
Yuya!
Yuto!
Declan,
you ready to do this?
Yeah.
Zuzu, this'll
be over soon!
Yuya...
This is gonna be
the fight of our lives.
But remember, Z‐ARC's evil
is still inside us.
We have to keep
our emotions in check.
Yeah, I know.
If we lose it
then he's gonna wake up,
take control,
and who knows
what he'll do!
So let's not find out.
Now let's get to work!
Let's stop Leo!
I'm setting
the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 1
Stargazer Magician
and Scale 8 Timergazer Magician!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
I've seen this before...
(roaring)
(Yusho)
Yuya is in for the match
of his life now.
I only hope he remembers what
I tried to teach him
so many years ago...
(crying)
Take your dad's advice,
Yuya.
Try to laugh when
you feel like crying.
And when things get tough,
respond with a smile.
It will give you the strength
to keep moving forward!
And smile you did.
You always looked to have fun
in any situation,
and that was contagious.
Now, I know it's hard, son,
but try to find that smile.
That smile I loved
since you were a baby.
A baby...
Wait a second...
(crying)
Break! Diaper change.
Question, Skip.
Fire away.
You're getting to be
a real pro at that.
How many months
has it been now?
Yusho, please.
You know I can't think
and diaper all at once.
Sorry, it's not like
I'm asking
what's two plus two.
Ha. She's, uh...
You know, I never really
thought about it.
I actually don't know
how old Zuzu is.
In fact, I don't remember her
first goo‐goo or gaga either!
That's crazy, right?
But what I do know,
is that I love her!
(Yusho)
How could Skip not know
when his own daughter
was born?
The birth of your child
is an unforgettable moment.
Why, when Yuya was born,
I was at...
At...
I..
I don't remember.
Wait, is it because...
Those memories don't exist?
But how can that be?
You say you wanna destroy
our dimensions
and create your own?
Well, I'm not letting
that happen!
You hear? No chance!
We're gonna put a stop to you!
Got that right!
First thing's first, I'm going
to be using these two cards...
Scale 1 D/D Savant Copernicus
and Scale 6 D/D Cerberus
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I can now simultaneously
summon monsters
from levels 2 and 5
at the same time!
And simultaneously
put your plans
of dimensional domination
in jeopardy!
I Pendulum Summon and call upon
my two monsters to emerge!
D/D Berfomet...
And the Tuner Monster,
D/D Ghost!
A Tuner Monster?
Then, from my hand,
I summon D/D Necro Slime!
All right!
Declan has set things up
perfectly!
Next, I tune
my Level 2 D/D Ghost
with my Level 4 D/D Berformet
and my Level 1
D/D Necro Slime!
Now behold
as a new power emerges,
cutting through the darkness
like a blade of lightning
to begin his reign!
I Synchro Summon...
D/D/D Gust King Alexander!
What a play!
Yeah, that's impressive.
But it's certainly not enough
to beat the Professor.
Don't worry, just watch!
I activate my D/D Ghost's
special ability
to send my second D/D Berfomet
in my deck to the graveyard.
Then I'll activate
D/D Necro Slime's
special ability
from the graveyard!
By banishing it and D/D Ghost,
I can Fusion Summon
a D/D/D Monster.
And the one I'm choosing
is a scorcher!
Be gone,
Necro Slime and Ghost,
and let rise a monster that
burns bright with blazing power!
I Fusion Summon...
D/D/D Flame King Genghis!
Synchro, Fusion,
what's next?
I activate Gust King
Alexander's special ability!
Whenever a D/D monster
is summoned,
my Gust King can command
another D/D monster
to rise from the graveyard
as it will now!
Return to me, D/D Berfomet!
But why stop at one?
Flame King Genghis can resurrect
my other D/D Berfomet!
He's got two Level 4's!
Next, I overlay
my two D/D Berfomets
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I promise you have never faced
a monster as magnificent
or commanding as this one!
I Xyz Summon!
D/D/D Wave King Caesar!
Not bad.
(Leo)
Pendulum, Synchro,
Fusion, even Xyz.
Not bad, son.
Not bad at all.
Compliments from you
mean nothing.
I now activate from my hand
the spell Dark Contract
with Exclusivity
Whenever you try to summon
a monster from your Extra Deck,
if I just so happen to have
a monster on my field
that was summoned using
the same summoning method,
your summoning is negated.
Very clever.
So you weren't just showing off
with all those
summoning styles.
No, I'm showing you up
because now,
with Fusion, Synchro and Xyz
monsters out on my field,
those summoning methods are
no longer available to you!
Yes! This'll really limit
what the Professor can do!
So far so good!
And with that,
I end my turn.
That means you're up, father.
So, go right ahead
and do your very worst.
Because we're ready!
(scoffs)
No, you're overconfident.
My turn now!
Declan!
You do know the true threat
here...
It's Yuya.
He and Z‐ARC are one
in the same!
He's the one you should be
fighting, not me.
That's why I should join you?
Yes, you finally understand.
And you should understand
my answer is still no.
I will always
remain loyal to Yuya.
Even if that loyalty
leads to Z‐ARC's revival
and puts all the dimensions
in harm's way?
Z‐ARC won't be revived!
Yuto and I won't allow it.
He's not coming
to this party.
Yuya isn't the problem,
father, you are!
Reuniting the dimensions
to the way things used to be?
You mean when Z‐ARC
was destroying everything?
You're the one who's going
to resurrect Z‐ARC!
Keeping the dimensions separate
is the only way
to guarantee our safety.
And that's
what I plan to do.
Sounds good!
So maybe it's you who actually
needs to understand
instead of me.
You fool, you don't understand
a thing at all!
Z‐ARC will do as he pleases.
He will resurrect!
Even if the dimensions
are kept apart!
There's proof!
Yuya has already
combined with Yuto,
his counterpart from
the Xyz Dimension!
He's only steps away from
transforming back into Z‐ARC.
No, you're wrong!
Yuto and I may have
joined together,
but that only means
that we're twice as strong
fighting against
Z‐ARC's control!
We're dueling to make
the world smile,
not like you or this Z‐ARC
who duels to destroy!
We're gonna stop you,
and all your schemes!
That's right!
You tell him, Yuya!
I believe in you!
I know that you can beat
the Professor!
'Cause how can you ever lose
if Yuto's helping you?
(Yuto)
Lulu...
How disappointing.
Since you refuse to listen,
I'll just have
to beat you both!
I set the Pendulum Scale
with this card pair:
Two Scale 1 Spirit Reactors.
No way!
He can Pendulum Summon?
That's unbelievable!
Now what?
Since they both have
the same Scale,
he can't Pendulum Summon
anything.
I activate the Pendulum ability
of the Spirit Reactor
on the left.
Its Pendulum Scale
becomes the same
as another Pendulum Monster
on the field!
And I select
Timergazer Magician!
That would mean...
Spirit Reactor's Pendulum Scale
rises to... 8.
Yes, I can now summon
multiple monsters
between levels 2 and 7!
I told you that
I would defeat you both,
and now meet the monsters
that will be assisting me
in that endeavor.
I Pendulum Summon...
Spirit Tech Force
Pendulum Governor...
And Spirit Gem
Salamander Core!
I'm not sure what
these two do,
but I bet it's bad!
I'm not sure what
these two do,
but I bet it's bad!
I activate Pendulum Governor's
special ability!
I can tribute Salamander Core to
use its special ability twice!
And that means
double trouble for you,
Because not only does
its special ability
destroy one monster
on your field,
but it also deals you
800 points of damage.
Now, be gone...
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Yuya!
Oh, no!
Don't think I've forgotten
about you, son.
Flame King Genghis, vanish!
And by getting rid of
your Fusion Monster, Declan,
you are no longer able to
prevent me from summoning
a Fusion Monster of my own.
It seems your
impenetrable strategy
has some flaws, now,
doesn't it?
Since I still have
a Synchro and Xyz Monster,
your summoning options are still
severely limited.
So you can barely do a thing.
Oh, really?
Guess I'll have
to change that.
Pendulum Governor's ability
prevents any monster
between level 2 and 7
from attacking!
And I see that your
Synchro Monster is level 7.
That means Alexander
can't attack.
But my Caesar can still attack
you because it has no Level!
You silly boy,
only Pendulum Monsters
are allowed to attack
Pendulum Governor.
Do you now understand?
There's nothing you two
can do to stop me.
And nothing you can do
to stop the Reactor!
The four dimensions will be
united once again!
I end my turn
with one facedown.
Face it, children.
You are woefully unprepared
to challenge me in a duel.
After all, I've been planning
this for a long time.
And I knew someday
I'd personally see it through
to its conclusion.
So I made quite certain
to keep my skills sharp
like a sword.
And soon,
I'll start slicing!
You awake? You okay?
Mm‐hmm.
What just happened?
Was that really Yuya?
Yea, Yuya or a tornado...
He just blew apart this room
and that cage
like it was nothing.
Aster, Yuya needs our help
now more than ever.
Then what are we waiting for?
Come on!
Oh, no!
What's happening?
Yuya!
Zuzu!
No!
It's only a matter of time now
until the Reactor
is fully functional.
No! Yuya!
Zuzu!
And it's only a matter of time
before I have
my daughter back.
Yuto! Help me!
Lulu!
Stop all this!
Right now!
My, my,
that's some temper.
Declan, isn't it obvious
that Yuya cannot
control his anger?
That he cannot hold
Z‐ARC back? Help me!
(distorted voice)
How dare you turn on me.
You'll pay.
Yuya's losing control!
Oh no!
Yuya! Fight it!
Fight? Yes, yes.
You all wanted me to fight!
You wanted more brutality!
And that's exactly
what I gave you!
(screams)
No! Yuya!
You gotta calm down!
(struggling)
Now do you believe me?
Declan, we have to join forces
and stop Z‐ARC together!
Yuya! Please!
Please calm down!
Son, if you don't want
to listen to me, fine!
But don't ignore what
you see with your own eyes!
Yuya can no longer stop Z‐ARC!
We must defeat him!
So quit wasting precious time,
Declan, you must join me!
Or we all might perish!
(struggling)
Tell me it isn't so.
That you are not Z‐ARC.
That you're Yuya!
I... Will not...
I will not let Z‐ARC...
(voice normalizing)
Take control of me!
I... must fight it!
(both struggling)
I... don't...
know how much longer...
I can...
hold on, Yuya.
All this pain, this hate...
But we...
can't give up Yuto...
No, not now...
Not ever...
Just keep fighting...
My... draw!
(Yusho)
Stay strong, Yuya.
If anyone can, it's you.
I believe in you,
that you won't
let Z‐ARC resurrect.
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
I summon
Performapal U Go Golem.
Leo! Shut down the reactor
and let all of my friends go!
(Yusho)
Why, after all this time,
is Z‐ARC trying
to resurrect now?
But if you're
not gonna cooperate,
then I'm going to
have to do it for you!
I send U Go Golem to
the graveyard to Fusion Summon!
And, Leo,
this Fusion Summoning
will be your undoing!
Behold, as two monsters
trigger in each other
their most destructive traits
and then become one!
I give to you...
Performapal Gatlinghoul!
(Yusho)
Z‐ARC could've
resurrected anytime...
Why now?
What's different?
Now, because Gatling Ghoul
has been successfully Summoned,
You are in the bull's eye!
For each card on the field,
you lose 200 life points!
You dare!
(Yusho)
Z‐ARC wanted to rule all,
but he was broken apart
into four, including my son,
because Z‐ARC
wasn't strong enough.
(Yuya)
There are currently
12 cards on the field.
So that means...
you now take
2,400 points of damage!
(Yusho)
So he craves more power,
but what power could he want?
Yuya!
(Yusho)
He could already Fusion,
Synchro, and Xyz Summon...
(screaming)
(Yusho)
But he couldn't Pendulum!
Because it's a whole new power!
And that's why
he's resurrecting now!
(distorted laughing)
Yuya!
No... No!
Riley!
(Yuya)
Gatlinghoul
has another ability!
It automatically destroys
your Pendulum Governor
and deals you damage equal
to its attack points!
And that is terrible news
for you.
But from the look on your face,
you already knew that.
Its attack points are 2,800!
So then if this hits...
Yuya wins!
(Yusho)
If Z‐ARC takes Yuya's essence,
he'll be able
to Pendulum Summon too!
And then he'll truly
be unstoppable!
And now... Goodbye!